---
layout: post
type: post
title: Awkward
---
 
I don't know what time it is, but judging by the state of people around me, I'm guessing it's pretty late. There's probably not a single sober person left at this party. Nobody's playing beer pong anymore. The floor is sticky with spilled drinks. And somebody did a very messy job of raiding the kitchen trying to find food. Okay fine, it was me. But in my defense, my dinner consisted of half a bottle of cheap wine and whatever beer I could sneak out of the fridge without anyone noticing.

I stand in the hallway, leaning against the thin walls. The music from the living room isn't loud, but it's still making the walls throb. I don't feel energetic enough to dance, but I'm not tired enough to go home. I'm just standing there, with my mind all fuzzy when he slithers up to me.

"Dull party, huh?" he mutters. More to himself than to me. It takes me a moment to recognize him. I want to stare at him, but my mother always taught me not to stare at people who looked different. She had given me this lecture when I was five years old. I saw a little person on the street and could not stop staring. Would you like it, she had asked me, if people stared at you just because you looked different?

"What are you drinking?" he asks, turning to look at me. Act normal, I tell myself, don't make this an awkward situation like you usually do. "Uh...just some hipster beer I found in the fridge".

He raises three of his eyebrows in a slightly amused way, "Joakim Cold Light isn't really hipster", he informs me seriously, "It's actually pretty mainstream and cheap. A lot of bars downtown replace Bud Light with Joakim. The patrons don't even notice. I mean, They're already pretty drunk by then. But even so. Now if you're really into hipster beer, I know just the brand. It's brewed by this sibling duo in Brooklyn...".

I could tell by this point that he was really serious about beer. But I couldn't tell if it was alcohol induced rambling, or just his true passion. "Look", he says, stabbing his single finger in the air to make a point, "...all I'm saying is that you can't call it an American company if the company is owned by those filthy..." before he can finish his slightly racist comment, he sprays out spit and The droplets land on my face. "Oh fuck, I'm sorry", he mumbles, "Here, let me get that for you..."

 I don't want those tentacles to touch me, but I don't want to hurt his feelings either. He clumsily brushes his furry tentacles over my face and I let him. I fight the urge to run to the kitchen and get some paper tissues. "Anyway", he continues, "all I'm saying is, this ban was needed. Things were getting out of hand and personally, I think ..." I want to leave, but how?

 He seemed pretty oblivious to the fact that I wasn't interested in him. I wanted to move away. Come up with some excuse and go hide in the bathroom. Or find Belinda and split an Uber with her. But I couldn't. I couldn't stop staring. The skin around his chest was translucent enough and I could see the blackish lung and purplish hearts. He noticed me staring and stopped talking abruptly. Would you like it, he snapped, "If people stared at you just because you looked different?"

 He stormed off. Well, not exactly stormed. I guess that's difficult to do when you have no legs. But his exit was angry enough. I remained standing where I was, feeling like shit. I always make things awkward.

The beer I was holding was lukewarm by now. The music still made the walls throb.
